hey everyone thanks for tuning into our
very first webisode this is jason ganahl
with GQ barbecue and with 4th of July
coming up right around the corner what I
thought I would do is show you guys how
to make bratwurst most American some 4th
of July make either hot dogs hamburgers
or bratwurst so today I'm going to teach
you a proven method of making bratwurst
juicy plump flavorful perfect every
single time the key to making a perfect
broth is to cook it in two stages the
first stage we're going to do today is
basically poach it we're going to cook
it - it's about 85% done in beer the
second stage is going to be on the grill
we're gonna really sear it off at a
really high heat to just kind of brown
the edges after we're done we're gonna
have the perfect broth this thing I'm
going to do is cover the brats and beer
any beer you like to drink will work
fine with this
make sure your meat is covered we're
gonna let these poach over medium-high
heat for 20 minutes this is the fun part
of the cook this is where we get to
constantly rotate the brats to ensure
even doneness and that they don't burn
this is the color you're looking for
nice and caramelized when you get this
color your cook is complete
Buffalo cheddar brought cooked in two
stages first poach then grill a little
bit of kraut a little bit of mustard
nice and juicy independence day never
tasted so good